--Sat

--open-house: # see also https://1330152open.wordpress.com/wp-admin/post.php?post=11950&action=edit
(no hurry, with boy) compile what to bring when overseas -- cigna cards, cigna calling method; auto-roaming instruction; iSOS is least important.
citi-smrt bill 
check bofa ccard
check letter box

--no hurry
div_BB.xls
find sunglasses
bring boy to ikea before China trip
boy's bike repair
print more math worksheet in office
download yahoo group files and upload to google drive
LGlp review raffles medical results in CD
zoo1 blog category

--small rewards for boy -- 
(no hurry, reward4boy) set up grab
(no hurry, reward4boy) scan the merit award so I can discard
(no hurry, reward4boy) discard old name cards + old medicine
--bring to office
--buy:
--yoga stuff: long pant (light); padlock, mat, water bottle. Better go early to have block of quiet time
--back burner
set up lenovo for commute? No. Take this chance to live without git-blogging. 
* read on mrt
* use 0.txt and smemo more

buy water dispenser from ikea. j4: make kids drink more water. need to get buy-in from wife to avoid keeping sugary drinks at home
build-up in git-blogging .. is tolerable ... LG
citi smrt as mrt card? Consider using reguar card so I can "feel" the outflow rate.
bgc is high maintenance; FX robot might be better. Both are affecting my laser-gun.
jobSatisfaction.xls: keep a copy in google drive, but master in recoll
(LG-oth)what to do with boy's 5k balance? a single FSM fund or keep as a reserve, while investing more fund from 108? transfer boy's SGD 5000.00 to wife's FSM? 
--fx: ≠⇒→
set up periodic backup of 0.txt... in a quiet git repo like cpp1. Clone it outside the current local repo
ikea toy blocks packaging -> above my books
grandpa's classmates mostly wheelchair-bound. I want to avoid stressful jobs and have more time for rest, workout, ...
Q(lg-oth): with growing SGD should I invest in some mindless thing on FSM or reduce the distraction? Reduce!
consider investing in div stocks after I pass the critical stage, in early 2020

